Add doc for the current routers and steps to add a new one (#406)
trinodb/trino-gateway: docs/routers.md

> ## Routers

Reviewer: Empty line after each title please .. also start at highest level (#) and dont skip levels

> Gateway offers two entry-level router options, providing users with a straightforward and easy-to-use starting point for their routing needs.

Reviewer: Please wrap all paragraphs at 80 char width

> 

Reviewer 2: How about adding a title about what info is available for users to use when making a customized module

This router utilizes near real-time user-level cluster load statistics,
looking at running queries count and queue lengths to determine
the most suitable cluster for each individual user.
It then directs queries to the least loaded cluster (for that user),
optimizing the likelihood of successful execution.

## How to add a new router?
To enhance the gateway's capabilities, we invite developers to contribute
new and advanced router modules with intelligent routing features.
To integrate a new router, you will need to create a provider module
that can be configured via the configuration file. This allows for seamless
addition of new routers without disrupting existing functionality.

### Router Provider module
To incorporate a new router with advanced capabilities, follow these steps:
- Derive a class from `RouterBaseModule`
- This is the module instantiates the router and holds a reference to it.
- To integrate the new router, you must first add the module name to the
'modules' section of the configuration file. This tells the gateway to load
the provider module and make the new router available.
- e.g. `QueryCountBasedRouterProvider`

### Router class

> - Derive a class from `StochasticRoutingManager`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Derive a class from `StochasticRoutingManager`
```

>  this is the router which does the actual work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 to create the router that does the actual work
```

- Override the methods `provideAdhocBackend` and `provideBackendForRoutingGroup`

>  for the new smarter logic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 and implement the new smarter logic
```

- The router listens to the list of `ClusterStats`
via the `updateBackEndStats` method.

> - This method gets called on regular intervals defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This method is called on regular intervals defined
```

in the config parameter `monitor=>taskDelaySeconds`
- Each element in the list corresponds to each backend cluster
- Only the stats from the healthy cluster are reported, unhealthy clusters

> are not included in the list. so if you have 3 cluster backends and 1 is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are not included in the list. If you have three cluster backends and one is
```

> unhealthy then the pamameter `List<ClusterStats> stats` will have only 2 elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unhealthy, then the parameter `List<ClusterStats> stats` has only two elements.
```

> - In order to get the cluster stats use set the parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To get the cluster stats set the parameter
```

`clusterStatsConfiguration=>monitorType` to `UI_API` or `JDBC`
which in turn needs the setup of `backendState` section in the config file.

> ### Config file reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuration file reference

```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
```
